hello guys um welcome to my channel so
today I'm going to teach you how to do
this little lip um lipstick on the go
kind of like what in a little container
and I decided to do this I know there's
a bunch on YouTube but um this is your
more like for the younger people I guess
because when I was younger like my mom
wouldn't let me carry lipstick with me
because she said it was for older mama
and he just kind of look weird and
people kind of take the wrong idea of
you that you know they see you as a
young girl like putting lipstick on the
street so she will melt it to meet for
me in a little container as such and
this is what it looks like and I would
just use it cuz I mean oh you know
people little girls half their little
lip gloss or lipstick on a little
container so she was like it just looks
better for younger girls though Oh
hopefully this helps you guys out if
you're a young girl and your mom doesn't
you know really want to buy you a
lipstick and stuff um it's a better way
keep watching okay so these are the
things that or need it to do this little
lip gloss thing so you need to butter
knife a spoon an empty container clean
and um this was the little little dream
moves blush but it's gone obviously so I
didn't you seen this one and i Ken don't
end desired lipstick so let's get
started you also need a lighter so make
sure you have a lighter so the first
thing you need is to light up your
candle any of you or young you might
want to ask your older siblings or your
parents to help you light it up so you
don't burn yourself so my candles lit up
okay um anyways um second step is butter
knife spoon and lipstick and right here
you're going to cut off much lipstick
you want to melt so see
here we're going to melt that right so
there you go and now you just put it
over the fire okay so we have a fire
ready and all we do is hold it to spoon
onto this air it's gonna melt
okay you can also grab your butter knife
in the lipstick and move it around a
such if you want the process to speed up
because the friction is going to melt it
faster and there you go don't melt it
down a lot faster as you can see and
that's all they just kind of let it dry
before you use it obviously because you
don't want to bring your lips there's
always that one special person I might
do it up you never know